Corrected some typos and made little changes to a paragraph (#760)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/rbtc/gas.md

### Minimum Gas Price

The `minimumGasPrice` is written in the block header by miners and establishes the minimum gas price a transaction should have in order to be included in that block. It can change with time, by up to 1% of the `minimumGasPrice` of the previous block. The latest block's minimum gas price can be obtained using this Web3 method:

```javascript
web3.eth.getBlock('latest').minimumGasPrice
```

> Negotiated minimum gas price is described in [RSKIP09](https://github.com/rsksmart/RSKIPs/blob/master/IPs/RSKIP09.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The means by which minimum gas price is negotiated by miners is described in [RSKIP09](https://github.com/rsksmart/RSKIPs/blob/master/IPs/RSKIP09.md).
```

Here are some practical approaches to this subject:

1. Optimistic approach (not recommended)
You can set `minimumGasPrice` as gas price parameter for the transaction **but if minimum gas price is under negotiation and it gets higher, your transaction could be rejected**.

2. Sensible approach:
Instead of using `minimumGasPrice` as it is, you may [add 10% to its value](#how-does-gas-price-change-over-time).

3. Network average approach:
You can obtain the average gas price that is being paid in the network:

```javascript
web3.eth.gasPrice()
```

> Despite the fact that this value is greater or equal to `minimumGasPrice`, it is recommended to add a small percentage to increase the priority of your transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though this value is greater than or equal to minimum gas price. (`gasPrice >= minimumGasPrice`), it is recommended to add a small percentage to increase the priority of your transaction.
```
